Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[HORSE GALLOPING]
BOY:
Hah. Hah! Hah!
[WHIP CRACKING]
WOMAN:
What are you doing?
[HORSE WHINNYING]
Stop! No!
- No!
- Hah!
WOMAN:
What are you doing?!
[WHINNYING]
You're killing him!
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
[BOAT HORN BLOWS]
[PRINTER WHIRRING]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Excuse me, sir,
I'd like to talk to you about the Lord.
Yeah, that's...
That's not really my thing.
All right.
Well, how about I jump your bones?
- What?
- Ha-ha.
- Just don't move. Okay?
Don't move a muscle.
No, no, no.
- I look like shit.
- No, you don't.
You look like an angel.
And it's not about you.
It's about that light coming in behind you.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
[CHUCKLING]
No, don't!
You weren't supposed to take that.
- What? Why not?
- Because...
I'm serious, I don't want
a photo like that floating around.
- My father would kill me.
- But it's so beautiful. Look. You're...
You're beautiful.
All right. This is just for you.
This isn't for your book
or your dumb friends. Are we clear?
Darling, I swear on the eyes
of our someday children.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, my God, Sean.
I love this one.
How'd you get a smile out of him?
Oh, yeah, that was, uh, just a tin
of baked beans and a dirty limerick.
It's crazy to think what you could do
if you did this for your full-time job.
Well, nothing would kill
my creativity quicker...
...than the death claws
of corporate America.
You're talking to a business major.
But you're so much more than that.
I mean, I'm just an artist.
Just a poor...
...struggling...
- Starving.
- Adorable. Yeah.
- Really?
My business major.
- You have to support me.
- Ha-ha.
I love you.
Straight up, legs balanced,
you guide it down.
Right? You try one.
ROWAN: Okay.
DON: There you go.
Get a good grip on it.
Don't step back.
You don't wanna kill your dad.
Okay, straight down.
There you go.
Took me a while too, Rowan.
- Happy birthday, Mother.
- Oh.
How's it going? Ta-da.
[GASPS]
- Lovely box. My goodness.
- Yeah, well, open it.
Oh, Sean, darling.
Is that emerald?
You are my mom,
so I thought I'd make an effort.
Pricey gift there.
Yeah, it's a claddagh ring. It's
an Irish thing. You wouldn't understand.
- I can't imagine what this costs.
- Oh, no, no, no.
I got a good deal through a lady at work.
It was pretty reasonable.
You wouldn't have to worry about money
if you took the job in St. Louis.
My cousin's offer is still good.
As appealing as it sounds
to take overlit shots...
...of chicken wings and tacos,
I think I'm gonna pass.
It's working
as a professional photographer.
- People would kill for that opportunity.
- It's not for me.
- Maybe you're afraid to fail.
- Maybe I don't wanna put on a suit.
And piss in a cup every day of my life.
Would pissing in a cup be
a problem for you?
Oh, screw him, stepdad, man.
He drags us halfway around the world
for a construction job...
...that goes belly up after two weeks.
- That was seven years ago.
- When I'm done whinging about it...
- ...I'll let you know, all right?
- Ha-ha.
Now, where is last night's?
Got it right here.
- All right, man, so we got a lady's watch.
- Yeah.
- A Timex, man?
- Yeah. They're good quality, man.
- A digital camera? People still use these?
- Absolutely.
Really? Really?
You stole stamps.
Who the fuck steals stamps?
What was I supposed to do?
Take the flat screen? You know?
The point is, they don't notice.
Also, got a picture here. Gift card.
No need to boost it
when you got pocket scan.
Okay. That's why you're the brains.
It's true. It's not our best haul
by any stretch, you know?
Let me get the camera.
You get the watch and gift card.
- Why do you want the camera?
- It may have boobies on it.
Dude, she was like Betty White old.
Do you know what I mean?
That's disgusting.
- She was old, but she's still got titties.
- You're a pervert.
[LAUGHS]
Looks all right, doesn't it?
So she was really laying back
with her shirt all open...
...looking all pouty face
like a Victoria's Secret model?
Just never make that face again.
Riley's way too hot for you, dawg,
and too smart.
So you keep telling me, Derek.
I'm sorry. Look, I'm just saying,
you gotta keep stepping up.
See how much that tortured-artist thing
plays when you're 30 and broke.
Boys. Boys.
- Nino.
- I think three is too much.
- Oh...
Two was better.
I don't wanna piss off the regulars.
People love the convenience.
You're a trendsetter.
Listen, soon all of downtown's
gonna be following your lead.
Come on, don't worry about it.
- Okay, we see how it goes.
- We got you covered, Nino.
Always the salesman, this one.
Heh-heh.
Oh, shit. Nino, I got you, buddy.
Bingo.
Welcome to Nino's.
DEREK:
How you doing? I'll grab that for you.
I told you, not in the restaurant.
Put that away.
You guys have a lovely evening.
SEAN: Oh.
[GIRL CRYING]
Heh. You might need these.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's in case of emergency.
- Well, have a wonderful dinner.
- I'll try.
Enjoy your dinner, sir.
SEAN:
Get out. What are you doing? Hey, no.
- Sean.
- Do you hear me? Derek.
[LAUGHS]
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[LINE RINGS]
DEREK: Yo.
- No. No fucking way.
I knew you'd say that.
That's why I'm driving.
YYah, no shit,
because they're nice people. Come on.
They drive a Range Rover.
They get two miles per gallon.
No, they're assholes.
Coming from the guy
who doesn't recycle.
Where's the registration? Yes.
Hell, yeah. Straight up Burnside.
- ThYy'rY less than a mile away.
- Ah...
I don't like it, man.
Parents with kids.
What does that mean?
- I know what you're gonna say.
- Nobody's home.
Saying it doesn't actually
make it so, though.
If I see an alarm sign,
I'll bail out, all right?
- You're already halfway there, aren't you?
- I'll see you in 10 minutes.
[♪♪♪]
[CLICKS GARAGE DOOR OPENER]
Pssh. What's the point
of even having it?
Ah. Is everything satisfactory
with your meal?
It's wonderful, thank you.
Hello.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[GROWLING]
Whoa.
Easy, boy. Easy.
Easy, boy.
[BARKING]
Stay. Stay.
Oh, shit.
[♪♪♪]
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
[YELLING INDISTINCTLY IN SPANISH]
[SCREAMING]
Stop! Oh, shit!
Shit.
[PANTING]
[DOG BARKING]
No.
[GROANS]
I made better tips washing cars.
Yep, it wasn't a banner night
for customer service.
Can't wait for it to be over.
[ENGINE REVVING]
- Look at this.
- Wait a minute.
No, run it through the Cayman offshore,
our SEC problem goes away.
You're slipping, Mitchell.
- Phat ride.
- Whoa, whoa. Hang back, it's my turn.
Welcome to Nino's, sir.
It's paddle shift. Don't break the ears off,
thinking it's your granny's Vauxhall.
[SNIFFS]
Anyone smokes near my car,
we'll have a problem.
Try not to sweat,
you smell like a drum circle.
Don't park under any fucking trees, huh?
- That's a beautiful car.
- Yeah? Don't touch it.
No, no, 10,000 is good for now.
I'll call you.
I have something new breaking.
[♪♪♪]
COMPUTER VOICE:
Calculating directions.
You will arrivY at your destination
in three minutes.
Destination has been reached.
Here we go.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, you beauty.
We're in. Lovely.
All right.
No alarm?
[♪♪♪]
Wow.
It really pays to be a complete arsehole.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Oh, you...
Yes.
[PHONE RINGING]
Oh, shit.
Yo, talk to me.
SEAN: You sitting comfortably, Derek?
Brand-spanking-new black card
came in today's mail.
- Shut up! For real?
- Yeah. He doesn't even know it's here.
Bro, we're gonna buy,
like, 50 iPhones tonight.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, eBay scam. Yeah.
That card's gonna make us
$15,000 in two days, bro.
Fuck, man, I could take Riley to Maui.
I'm moving out of Mom's.
Yeah, well, it's about time,
you fucking slacker. Ha-ha-ha.
- Is the sticker still on the card?
- Yeah. Guy's name is:
Cale Erendreich.
It says "call to activate," then the number.
Awesome. You gotta call
from the number tied to his account.
Call from his house phone.
- Everything cool on your end?
- I got it cold.
What about old
Douchey Douchendreich?
[LAUGHING]
They're getting their salads now.
Oh, fuck, gotta track down
the missing cordless.
- It's not on the base.
- Look by the TV.
No, it's...
- No, nothing.
- Hey, he probably took it to his office.
- That's what I'd do.
- You don't have an office. It's the shitter.
Hey, I do my best thinking in there.
[♪♪♪]
[PHONE PINGS IN DISTANCE]
It's upstairs. Fuck.
[PHONE PINGS]
Let's check in here.
- Guest room.
- Any sign of kids?
I'd be amazed
if this prick has a goldfish.
[PHONE PINGS]
Just heard it.
[PINGS]
- Got it.
- Awesome, awesome, awesome.
555-0199.
WOMAN [ON RECORDING]:
Thank you for activating your card.
EntYr your number
as it appears on the card.
Okay, darling, anything you say.
Seven-four-nine-six-zero-three-nine-zero.
PlYasY wait a moment,
your card is being activated.
Come on, baby.
- Your card has been activatYd.
- Yes!
Yes! I love that woman.
Oh.
Kinky bastard.
Guy's got handcuffs by his bed.
- You're not touching those, are you?
- No.
- We're done with this room.
- Don't be stupid.
[♪♪♪]
Huh.
There's another door here.
It's, like, seriously fortified, though.
What do you mean, like an office?
Yeah, maybe.
You don't buy a lock
unless you got worthy shit.
Well, my thoughts exactly, Derek.
It's got this big, mad lock on it.
Gee, too bad you don't have the keys.
No, no. Look, look,
we've been gone long enough.
- Let's not be greedy, all right?
- Are you crazy, man?
- What is a perfect score?
- The "perfect score"?
Cut the bullshit.
One so big you never have
to pull another one.
All right. Fine, fine, fine. Stay there.
Okay, come on, come on, come on.
No. No.
CALE: Cheers.
No. Next.
Oh, yes. We're in.
Booyah.
Yep, it's an office, all right.
Going to the computer now.
- It's unlocked. Holy shit.
- Yes! You're looking for a password file.
- Everybody has one. Search content.
- Content.
I know how to search for passwords.
Thank you. Password.
Searching, searching.
Two minutes, it says.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
You got time, man.
Ooh, checkbook.
- It's only got one check in it.
- All you need is the account...
- ...and thY routing number.
- Oh, yeah.
I guess that'll pay up.
Okay.
Jesus fucking Christ! Whoa.
[♪♪♪]
[WOMAN GRUNTING]
[WHIMPERING]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Jesus Christ.
Okay. Okay.
Okay, don't worry.
- No!
- No, no. Listen, listen.
I'm just gonna take the thing
out of your mouth.
[WHIMPERING SOFTLY]
Come out, you fucker!
[GASPING]
Help me. Help me, please.
Help me, please.
- I'm gonna help you. Listen...
- We don't have much time.
What do you mean?
I will be right back with you, sir.
Thank you so much.
Okay, 20.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
SEAN:
It's gotta be one of these.
No, no, no, it's none of those.
It's a skeleton key.
It's on a leather chain.
- Where? Where? Where is it?
- It's on his neck.
Oh, shit.
- Leaving so soon?
- Yeah, I have to. Are you writing a book?
- I just need my car.
- Yeah.
Right away. Uh...
I got this couple right ahead of you,
and then, no worries, I got you.
Hold on.
[GRUNTING]
No, it's never gonna work!
It's bolted to the floor.
Oh, fuck. I've gotta find a way
through these chains.
DEREK:
Sean, where are you, dude? Sean!
- Listen, I've gotta call you back.
- Where the hell are you?
- What?
- The guy's outside.
I got his ticket. He wants his car back!
- I can't explain over the phone.
- I don't give a shit.
Just get back here right now
before we go to jail.
[♪♪♪]
What...? What's the problem, huh?
The thing is, I shouldn't even be here.
I don't care if you're robbing the place.
I don't care. I'll never tell anyone.
I swear. I swear to God.
Please.
I'll get you out.
I need to find something
to cut through this fucking chain!
Okay, downstairs, I think he had tools.
- Downstairs in the garage cage.
- Hey, wait. Wait, put the chair back.
- What?
- Look. It's not on, but he can check it.
[♪♪♪]
Holy shit.
Oh...
Hey, turn off the light
and put that thing back in my mouth.
Just in case.
Okay.
You ready?
Come on.
[SEAN GRUNTS]
- Listen to me. I'm gonna be right back.
- Okay, go.
I promise. I promise.
[♪♪♪]
Yes.
[PANTING]
I'm sorry.
[♪♪♪]
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMS]
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck!
You guys get home safe,
and thank you for coming.
Really appreciate it.
- And you, sir, you, uh... You had the...?
- Maserati.
Right. Uh...
- Was it the blue one?
- The only one in your fucking lot.
Of course.
I'll be right up.
Sir, I'll be right back.
[♪♪♪]
[ENGINE REVVING]
Oh, fuck.
What do I owe you?
Hello?
Here.
DEREK:
Oh, that was fucking close.
Where the hell were you?
- He's... He's got a girl...
- He's got a girl?
No, like chained up.
Like a fucking animal.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- Look, look.
- Oh, my God.
- But he's...
He's on the way back there now.
I have to call the police.
You know
they'll have your number, right?
- I'll do star-67.
- That doesn't work for 911.
- Your number pops up anyway.
- So what?
- Dude, we'll both get busted.
- But you didn't talk to her.
You didn't leave her there
for that fucking monster.
[LINE RINGING]
OPERATOR:
911, what is your emergency?
There's a girl being held captive...
...at 8723 Green Lake Vista,
in Portland. She's...
She's chained up in his office.
She's in serious danger.
Send the police now.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
MAN: Hey.
I understand, sir.
Have you seen this woman?
Uh, just please, please, help her.
You did good, man.
- Relax, you already did all you can do.
- No. No, I didn't.
- Where are you going?
- To make sure it gets done. Oh.
And get rid of this.
And our little side venture is over.
I'm never so much as stealing
a piece of gum for the rest of my life.
[♪♪♪]
[DIALING]
WOMAN [ON RECORDING]:
Thank you for activating your card.
EntYr your number
as it appears on the card.
You guys have a great dinner?
All right, ma'am, here's your key.
All right, sir, here's your key.
A key for you.
MAN: What do we owe you?
- No, it's on the house.
All your cars are right here.
You guys have a wonderful evening.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Shit.
[PHONE DINGS]
I'm trying, man.
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
Oh, fuck.
Yes!
Come on, baby.
Come on, get him.
- Can I help you?
- Can you take a step outside?
Okay.
AGUILAR: We got a call about this...
- Now, you fucker.
Now I've got you.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Hey, what's going on?
AGUILAR:
Ma'am.
Ma'am, wanna step down here
and have a talk with me?
You mind stepping outside? Got a couple
of questions we're gonna ask you.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
PICKETT: Is there anybody else here?
- No, it's just us.
PICKETT:
How'd you get here?
Go into the fucking house. Go in!
PICKETT: There you go. Thank you.
- Okay.
Come on, honey.
CALE:
Thank you.
Where the fuck...?
- You guys have a good evening.
- And you.
Oh, no, no, no.
PICKETT: You hungry?
AGUILAR: Yeah.
No, you fucking idiots!
Sixty, 70, 80.
Okay, Nino, your money's right there!
I'll see you, okay?
SABINE:
That was a crazy night.
CALE: Uh, yeah.
- Heh.
SABINE:
Never a dull moment with you.
CALE: Too bad you have to work early.
I have some tricks I haven't busted out yet.
I bet you do.
Mm...
See you soon.
Good night.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, fuck.
Come on. Fuck.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Jesus.
Fuck.
- Yo, open up, fool.
- Chrissake.
Get in. Quick!
All right. So, what'd I miss?
He had another girl in there.
DEREK:
So who was the girl?
- Some ho?
- No, no, she had a day job.
She sounded more like a booty call.
But he got her here so quick.
Which means on top of everything else,
this guy's a player.
I told you to tint these windows.
Oh, yeah, I should take your advice
on more life decisions.
- Hey, I didn't make you come here, man.
- No, I know. I know you didn't.
- Why didn't you give the girl his phone?
- Think I haven't asked myself that?!
Because I panicked, okay? I got scared!
I saw that murderous shit in the garage
and I fucking...
And I bailed, and it was
the worst fucking decision of my life.
Hey, man, you never gotta apologize
for being scared, bro. Just...
I don't know.
Make another anonymous call.
No. Fuck that.
For all we know, he's got a stack
of brunettes to vouch for him. No.
We wait until he leaves,
and we use these.
Most people forget to lock the door
from the garage to the kitchen.
I forget myself sometimes.
- And over here's your point of entry.
- We've never opened that window, ever.
Doesn't take much.
Even a quarter inch and a good thief
will catch it. Been a rash of it lately.
- Do you know how to use that?
- I ain't going in there with just a hacksaw.
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Just be careful, man.
Look, look, look.
Oh, he's leaving. He's fucking leaving.
Come on, come on.
Oh, shit.
Fuck, here he comes. Get down.
- You think he saw us?
- No.
- You ready?
- Let's go. Let's fucking do it. Come on.
[♪♪♪]
- Fuck.
- Pst. Sean.
- The window's open. Come on.
- What?
Give me a boost.
All right, all right.
This way.
I'd like to report a break-in
at my neighbor's:
8723 Green Lake Vista.
Thank you.
- All right.
- My fucking leg.
Wait. What the hell?
- What?
- There was a massive lock right there.
[♪♪♪]
No, no, no.
- This isn't...
- Sure this is the right room?
Yes, man, she was here.
She was chained here.
This isn't possible. There was no carpet.
- What?
- It's a carpet.
What?
[SIREN WAILING]
Shh, shh.
Oh, shit.
[♪♪♪]
[TIRES SCREECH]
Oh, fuck.
DEREK:
Go, go, go.
SEAN: Come on, come on, come on.
- Dude.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
Hey there.
Don't let tears distract us from our work.
Comportment is a virtue.
You've been such a help tonight.
You've earned the next stage
in your evolution.
And the vulgar shall be corrected.
That window, that wasn't open before.
I'm 100 percent positive of that,
which means...
Which means that he left it for us.
Are you crazy?
No, man, forget it.
Let's chill here for a bit...
...and let things cool down.
Then I'll take you back to your car.
Just take me to the police station.
- Sean, man. Dude.
- It's a girl's life.
Just make another call.
- Fuck that.
- Oh, my God!
- Sean!
- No! They need to see my face.
They need to see this.
Dude, she's probably already dead
by now.
Derek, that's somebody's little girl.
What if this was your sister?
If it was my sister,
I'd go save her myself!
We tried that, didn't we?
We tried that, and it didn't work! We're...
I mean, we're in way over our heads here.
You know you're going to jail, right?
Yeah, well, I deserve to go to jail!
Look, man.
You wanna get locked up,
that's on you, okay?
People don't like me, don't like my family.
My brothers,
they already made sure of that shit.
The neighborhood dudes,
the dudes that did this shit?
They're sitting in county,
waiting with nothing to do.
They see my punk ass walking
through those gates...
...it's open season on me, dawg.
They'll fucking kill me, man.
Okay, you were never there.
I was alone.
It's the only lie I'm telling.
[♪♪♪]
This place is really important to me.
I don't show it to just anyone.
Only when I see something really special.
That wild spark.
We don't need this anymore.
I won't scream.
No.
[YELLS]
No, you won't.
Lift up your hair.
What do you want from me?
[♪♪♪]
Well, your dressage, your training...
...is shaped like a pyramid.
You're in the middle...
...learning rhythm and routine.
And what's at the top?
The top?
Freedom.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
I'm clean.
I'm clean, I swear.
I did it all exactly as you asked.
Circular motions?
Circular motions...
...using the correct soap and lotion
in the order you told me.
What are you doing? Go to bed.
[♪♪♪]
This could be anywhere.
Could be your girlfriend.
She's not my girlfriend.
- What were you doing at the house?
- I was robbing it.
- What'd you steal?
- His credit card.
Which you say you don't have.
- What happened to it?
- I lost it.
Evading an officer, reckless driving,
destruction of public property.
A parking meter, a bus stop
and a fire hydrant. Trifecta.
What's that got to do with anything?
You've got a lot to lose,
like your green card.
- Think I'd walk in here if I didn't have to?
- I really don't know why you're here.
- To save a girl's life.
- This girl that you left tied up.
Yeah.
Look.
You can do whatever you want to me.
Send me to jail, deport me, I don't care.
She wasn't tied. She was chained...
...and strapped with leather
like a fucking horse.
The guy that lives there did that to her.
This guy, Erendreich.
Cale Erendreich, yes. The same name
I've been saying for four fucking...
Excuse my language... hours.
Just please...
Please, go find the guy.
- We're making some calls.
- Go to his house.
- There's clues.
- We've been there twice.
First time he was with a woman,
not the girl in the picture.
He knew something was up.
That's why he had
that other woman there, the taller one.
- How would you know that?
- Because...
Because I was watching.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Can I help you?
Whoa, sorry about that.
Are you Cale Erendreich?
I am.
We're investigating some alleged crimes
in the neighborhood, possibly a break-in.
Would it be okay if I came inside,
had a look?
How do you take your coffee?
I'm embarrassed you were called out
once last night.
- I wasn't aware there was a second call.
- We rang the bell for a while.
I went to the store to get milk
for the morning. I was gone a half hour.
You married, Mr. Erendreich?
Single.
But dating, you know.
But no girl chained up in the office?
Sorry to disappoint you.
Garage.
[♪♪♪]
BANYON:
Nice set.
Thanks.
- Something's missing, though.
- Ah, yeah, bolt cutters.
- Uh, lent them to a friend.
- I never lend my tools.
They don't seem to come back.
He'll give them back.
Sorry.
- Sorry you had to see that.
- No problem.
[♪♪♪]
Yeah, everything's here.
Laptop, valuables, a little bit of cash.
Love to tell you something's missing,
but it's not.
Any reason somebody would
wanna hurt you?
No.
I'm just a guy.
BANYON:
Okay.
Now that you mention it,
I have been getting prank calls.
Hang ups.
Calls where the caller doesn't
say anything.
Any idea who it is?
Oh...
Who knows.
You know, like I said, I'm a single guy.
Some of the women I date
have ex-boyfriends, I figured...
Say no more, it's all beginning
to make sense.
Oh, you by chance eat
at Nino's last night?
Nino's? That place down the street?
If I want Northern Italian,
I go to La Finestra.
- It's worth the drive.
- I'll check it out.
Good coffee, by the way.
Better than the shit I buy.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, uh...
One last thing.
The window.
The screen was ripped open
like someone cut it with a knife.
How'd that happen?
Oh, that was all me.
A couple weeks ago I had to break
into my own house after a run.
I should hide a key somewhere.
Be sure to hide it well.
You're free to go.
- Mr. Erendreich's not pressing charges.
- What?
- Wait, so you... You spoke to him?
- I sat in his kitchen.
- And you didn't arrest him?
- For what?
For kidnapping, for false imprisonment.
Jaywalking.
Anything to get him off the streets.
Were you drinking last night?
- Listen to me, I'm telling you the truth.
- Here's what I think.
- This guy stole some girlfriend of yours.
- No. No. No. I don't even know her name.
I can't think of any other reason
why you'd waste my time.
If a newspaper gets jacked
from that neighborhood...
...my first move is arresting you.
Hang on, but wait. You're gonna stay
on him? Keep searching for the girl?
For all I know, you got that picture off
of Tumblr. It wasn't at his house.
This isn't happening.
I'll tell you what's not happening.
Me locking you up for making a phony
911 call, which I could absolutely do.
Whatever beef you've got
with Erendreich, stay away from him.
Stop harassing him.
I'm not making this up.
You wanna file a missing person?
Try the FBI.
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Is this who came to see you?
Yes?
Good.
You're so good.
[♪♪♪]
- Thanks, Sean.
- So is that it?
We have what we need.
So now you match her face
with some missing-persons database?
- I can't discuss an investigation.
- But there is an investigation?
You know, but I can identify her,
you know?
If you need me, you'll give me a call?
You should go home.
[STAMMERS]
Look, I'm sorry, just please.
I just need to know that she's okay.
Great.
[♪♪♪]
SEAN:
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
[♪♪♪]
[IMITATES GUNSHOT]
[SHOWER TURNS OFF]
[♪♪♪]
MAN: RYcords.
- Hey, this is Fuller.
Can you bring
the Valkenberg file to my desk?
- ThY cold casY?
- The trust-fund kid.
- Digital copy okay?
- No, I want a hard copy.
Okay, no problem.
[PHONE RINGS]
Nino's.
MAN: What kind of place you running?!
Scusa, what do you mean?
My wife and I just ID'd
one of your little parking valets...
...down at the police station.
We eat at your restaurant, and this is
how you repay us? By robbing us?
What? Uh...
No, sir.
[IN GRAVELLY VOICE]
Cop said it's been happening for months!
You know, my wife works
for Immigration and Customs.
I sure hopY everybody in your kitchYn
has their goddamn papers.
[LINE DISCONNECTS]
[♪♪♪]
What time is it? One fifty-four.
She should be here.
Sean. What are you doing here?
- Hey. Can we just...?
- What? Oh, what's wrong?
- Nothing. I haven't slept. I need to talk.
- Yeah, of course, but...
- Riley, we gotta go.
- Just blow it off.
I can't. I have a presentation.
It's worth a third of my grade.
- Something's happened.
- I'll be done in 90 minutes.
You can tell me everything then.
- Okay?
- Okay. Okay.
- Meet me at my place?
- Yeah, sure.
- Okay, I love you, sweetie.
- Yeah.
Love you too.
Okay.
Listen, there's no way I can work today.
I haven't slept,
and I can't get iron girl out of my head.
- Who?
- I just can't stop thinking that maybe...
...we're both trapped
in that house together.
- It's like I've never left.
- Yeah, man, no worries.
It's all good. I got your back.
- What the fuck?
- What?
Hey, I'll call you back.
Yo! What the hell you doing?
This is our account.
- Not no more.
- Says who?
- Nino.
- How about I kick your country face?
- I'm standing here, bitch.
- Boys.
- We can't have no trouble.
- Nino, what's going on? This ain't right.
No trouble. You go.
He's asking nice, I'm not.
- Fuck you, man. This is bullshit.
- Yeah?
Fucking bullshit, Nino.
Don't come back, bitch.
DEREK:
Fuck you!
[GRUNTING]
You're excused.
[♪♪♪]
[JAIL DOOR SHUTS]
A glacier may move in two ways.
The first is glacial internal flow.
This is caused by gravity
and internal pressure...
...pushing the glacier formation
to lower elevation.
[PHONE BUZZING]
Not unlike knocking over a stack of cards.
As you can see, the top of the glacier
is moving faster than the bottom...
...because of friction with the ground.
Basal sliding is caused by...
...the base of the glacier melting.
This is like an ice cube on a countertop.
[PHONES CHIMING]
As it melts, the base becomes slippery.
Glaciers move very slowly.
Most of the time,
only a few centimeters each day.
[STUDENTS MURMURING]
Occasionally, a glacier speeds up.
- When a glacier speeds up...
- It's her.
...it's called surging.
[STUDENTS LAUGHING]
A surging glacier can advance tens
or even...
...hundreds of meters a day.
What's that smell?
- I had to fish this out of the garbage.
- Don't bring it in.
Just leave it there, all right?
Sit down.
I'll get you some ice for your eye.
Thanks, man.
I ought to go back with my HK...
- ...and show those rednecks what's what.
- Let it go, man.
We're lucky we're not in jail.
- Thanks.
- So how many of them were there?
Man, shut up.
[PHONE DINGS]
RILEY [ON VOICEMAIL]:
I don't know what I did to you...
...but you are such an asshole.
[♪♪♪]
What the...?
I have to go.
I'm really sorry, man.
[BUZZING]
Riley. Riley, can you hear me?
- If someone can hear me...
- You got some fucking nerve.
- I didn't do this. This wasn't me. Riley!
- Okay.
She doesn't wanna talk to you!
- Want me to call security?
- I don't know what happened. Please!
- Riley, talk to me.
- This building...
...it's for students only.
Get the fuck out of here!
SEAN: I didn't do it.
- Tell that to her dad.
- Asshole!
- Please, please.
- Riley, please.
- Security!
Riley.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[PANTING]
Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
CALE: Do you know why you'rY not
in their little jail right now?
- Why?
- Because you're in mine.
I will correct you.
SEAN [ON VOICEMAIL]: Riley,
I would never disrespect you like that.
You'vY gotta believY me.
Just call me back, please.
Maybe he's telling the truth.
I mean...
...it's just so out of character for him.
I can't believe you're considering this.
I need to look him in the eye.
Well, how about I wait in the car?
With a gun?
[RILEY SIGHS]
I won't be long.
Jesus.
Riley.
Don! Don. I need your truck.
I can explain later.
- What's wrong?
- I got fired.
Said I was stealing company property.
Believe that?
I said, "Don Falco is no thief.
Wanna check my truck, go ahead."
Found almost 10 grand
of equipment sitting in the back.
I'm no thief.
[♪♪♪]
I know you're not.
I know.
Babe, why aren't you at work?
I've been suspended.
There's a claim that I assaulted a child,
as if I'd ever do such a thing.
I have to tell you what's going on.
Don, you can punch me in the face,
whatever, when I'm done...
...but you have to listen
because we're not safe.
None of us.
[GRUNTING]
[RILEY SCREAMING]
Riley. Riley!
Oh, my God.
- Derek, call me... Sorry.
- Sorry.
Call me as soon as you get this.
Pack your essentials, Patty.
Anything else, we'll buy.
Rowan.
That thing still have
photo-editing software, yeah?
- Dad says we have to get ready.
- Okay, one sec, one sec.
P.O. Box 215... San?
San...
Sandy.
Holy shit.
You are not taking the car. You're not
going anywhere except the Radisson...
...where I'm checking us in, then you, me
and the lawyer are going to the cops...
- ...and they will believe you this time.
- We can do that after. Please, Dad.
- Oh, now I'm Dad?
- I'm begging you. Please?
I have to protect my family,
and that includes you...
- ...not some girl we don't know.
- He'll kill her.
- You don't even know her name.
- Look.
You have always encouraged me
to do the right thing.
This time,
I have to do the right thing. I have to.
I'll meet you at the hotel.
- Sean.
- All right?
Sean!
[♪♪♪]
There will be an unholy correction.
There will be fire!
No breakfast.
Positive match on the girl.
She went missing three weeks ago.
I've run this six times.
From what he told us about
the leather straps and iron chains...
...it's the same MO as Phoenix,
Memphis and Denver.
Your trust-fund phantom again.
Christ, Fuller, you need a hobby.
If we catch this guy, I'll learn to cook.
So Cale is the Valkenberg kid grown up?
That kid would be 40 now.
The right age. White male, medium build.
It's 40 million Americans.
Every one of these cases has
at least a tangential tie to Portland.
There is something about Oregon
that he likes.
What?
I don't know yet.
Okay, your trust-fund theory tracks,
I'll give you that.
Here's my problem.
Your little valet friend
could not have less credibility.
[HORSE WHINNYING]
WOMAN:
Stop! No!
Aah! You're killing him!
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪]
Out of chaos comes order.
I define the chaos.
I create the order.
Not you, not him. You understand?
I understand.
I am the decider!
[PHONE RINGING]
Riley. Who is this?
MAN: Is this Sean Falco?
You'rY an Ymergency contact
for Riley Seabrook.
- What?
- She's been admitted to the hospital.
What hospital?
Hey.
Hey, Riley.
Sweetheart.
This is my fault.
I messed up.
The man who did this to you...
...is trying to hurt me
because I broke into his house.
Because that's what I've been doing.
Because I'm a fucking idiot.
Just a common, stupid thief.
And now he's...
...hurt you, and...
...I'm...
I am so, so sorry.
Here, let me get it. Okay.
[♪♪♪]
[LINE RINGING]
DEREK: What's up, fool?
- Where the fuck have you been?
- I had to pick up a few things.
- Erendreich...
- ...he put Riley in the hospital.
- What are you talking about?
He's trying to destroy my life
in a million different ways.
- How do you know it's him?
- Because he called me and told me.
He kept me out of jail,
so that he could systematically fuck me.
Why would he do something like that?
The same reason he keeps
a girl chained up in his office.
- To watch us break bit by bit.
- Ma?
Would you listen to me, plYasY?
This guy, he's getting off on this.
You have to watch yourself. Hear me?
Yeah, he doesn't know who I am.
[BEEPING]
- No, listen, I can't video-chat, I'm driving.
- You can't do what? Video?
[♪♪♪]
Oh, shit.
[GRUNTING]
Derek!
Looking for this? Huh, this?
[WHISTLES]
This you stole, huh?
You thieving, low pig.
Look at this squalor.
I mean, I honestly don't know
what he sees in you.
You are beyond correction.
[GUNSHOT]
Derek!
Derek, listen to me, I'm on the way!
Talk to me!
Derek, please...
[PHONE BEEPING]
DYrek, can you hear mY?
Are you there?
Pick up, Derek.
Pick up the phone, please!
Derek!
Derek, pick up the phone.
- Oh!
- Got you, you fucker!
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
[YELLS]
WOMAN: And you saw thY gunshot?
- No, no, I heard it over the phone.
Uh, just please send somebody.
Derek Sandoval.
He lives on Northwest Hamilton Street.
I... I can't remember the number.
Just please.
Wait, Hamilton? Sandoval residence.
Okay. WY've had multiplY calls.
Officers have been dispatched.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
They're bumping us up to the lead.
We're doing this live.
[♪♪♪]
SEAN:
Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me.
I know who did this.
This was Cale Erendreich.
The guy's name is Cale Erendreich.
Look, this is a picture of him...
...which I just sent to the FBI. Agent Fuller
at the FBI, I just sent this to her.
- What's your name?
- Sean Falco.
Go sit on the curb. I'll get someone
to take your statement.
MAN: We're on in five, four, three...
REPORTER: Thank you, Glenn.
In what appears to be a murder-suicide,
claiming the lives of three residents...
...police are calling this
a domestic disturbance gone wrong.
Neighbors are out here looking
at the scene, on edge.
We've tried to get some information...
[♪♪♪]
Shit.
There must be something here!
[ALARM BEEPS]
Sandy. Yes!
MAN [ON TV]: Hurry now, little cowboy.
Come on down.
Come on, stay with it. Ride it, now.
Come on, now,
ride it now for me, cowboy.
Come on, peoplY, make somY noise.
Let me hear it from you.
MAN 1 [ON RADIO]: Hey, out thYre.
This is the best station in the city.
MAN 2:
Let's go to a caller.
[♪♪♪]
[BEEPING]
Holy fuck.
Oh, God.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[IMITATES EXPLOSION]
Aah!
Oh!
Oh, fuck me.
Jesus.
Oh.
[♪♪♪]
MAN [ON PHONE]: I'll put a hold
on the land deal. Anything else?
I want you to wire 50,000 Canadian...
...cashier's check
to the Watterboro Bank, Vancouver.
Watterboro Bank, Vancouver.
- Canada or Washington?
- Canada.
Your father, he wanted me to tell you...
Those people don't exist, Mitchell.
I shouldn't have to correct you!
Vancouver, Canada, it is.
I take it I won't hear from you for a while.
I'll find you when I need you, Mitchell.
I always do.
[♪♪♪]
He sent this.
Did you run it through NGI?
- FULLER: Inconclusive.
- Let the face team have a look.
- Any word on Falco?
- Still not answering...
...but his phone pinged off of a tower
in Sandy 20 minutes ago.
A guy like Cale wants privacy,
someplace rural.
We believe out near Mt. Hood,
due east of Sandy.
If it's private property,
you'll need a warrant.
[♪♪♪]
COMPUTER VOICE:
Turn left.
Destination ahead.
WOMAN: Agent Fuller!
Some of that land is federal.
The rest is owned by something
called the Valkenberg family trust.
Valkenberg.
The trust fund?
Hey. Call the judge on her cell phone.
I want a warrant in five minutes.
I want everyone to know
we're code three all the way.
You got it.
MAN 1: Let's go, let's go.
MAN 2: Load up, let's go!
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN BLARES]
SUPERVISOR:
So Valkenberg, go.
Valkenberg was an only child, billionaire
father obsessed with his prized horses.
The kid killed the trainer
to get back at the dad?
No, he was only 14, she was in her 20s.
He had a crush on her.
Tried to impress her
by breaking a wild colt.
Ended up killing it,
and when the trainer threatened...
...to tell his father, he killed her.
- So now instead of breaking horses...
- He breaks people.
All right.
[SEAN PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
[SOBS]
I'm going to get you out.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
You hear me?
Look out! Aah!
[GRUNTING]
Just lock... Just lock me back up.
Please? Huh?
Just let me starve.
That would be inelegant.
- No.
- Wake up, Sean!
- No, you said you were gonna free me.
- And I shall.
No... What?
You're gonna let me go?
Does it matter to you,
one way or the other?
No, sir.
- No, sir?
- No, sir.
Pay attention, Sean!
[GROANS]
SEAN:
No.
Don't... Don't do it.
Listen, listen, take me.
Take me instead.
It's not really an either-or situation.
You're next...
...but first you're gonna watch...
...and I get to watch you.
- Open your eyes, or I kneecap her.
- Please, Cale, please.
Who the fuck's Cale?
- I swear, I'll skin you alive.
- No.
It'll take me 30 seconds.
Open your fucking eyes!
SEAN:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No!
Fuck!
[SIREN BLARES]
[♪♪♪]
It's private property, Fuller.
We still need a warrant. We're waiting.
SEAN:
Fuck!
Congratulations!
You get to keep your skin.
Well, at least until the Iye takes hold.
[SOBBING]
For the slightest minute there...
...you had me worried.
That screenshot you took,
I mean, heh...
That was some stone-cold brilliance
right there. That was fucking inspired.
I mean, finally, somebody's earned
the right to play in my sandbox.
Huh? Heh.
Even a piece of used jet trash.
[♪♪♪]
[GROANING]
But then you showed up here, and I knew
your picture of me must be inconclusive.
Otherwise your FBI friend,
all the knuckle-draggers...
...would be tearing up the hillside,
not just you...
...alone, armed with some bolt cutters.
Thank you for returning those,
by the way.
You know I loathe disorder.
[PANTING]
If you're expecting the FBI to show...
...you should know
they're not looking for me.
They're looking for her real killer.
- That's you.
- No.
I didn't kill anybody.
Yeah, their investigation will uncover
a different narrative.
One that shows I'm working at levels
beyond your understanding.
While you've been trying so hard to pin
all this on me, I get to prove that all of it...
...Derek, Riley, your idiotic burglaries...
...made the perfect cover
for what you were really doing.
Hunting.
No.
And why would I kill Derek?
He was my best friend.
Because he found out.
They won't believe that.
You have no idea how rich I am.
They know
that I'm not capable of murder.
No, we're not equals
in that respect, that's why...
...I have planted a letter of confession
on your hard drive.
More of a manifesto, really. They'll find it.
Cops love tidy endings.
[CHUCKLES]
What are you smiling at?
I'm just...
You are fucking crazy.
You know that, right?
- No, no, no.
- Ha-ha-ha.
Because crazy people get caught.
And now, see,
what for you has been the most...
...extraordinary adventure
was just for me an ordinary day.
A life void of guilt.
Uh... Or entanglements, or politics...
Truly free.
You...
You're the puzzle.
A feeling so strong
that you would risk your life...
...for some woman you don't even know.
It's inex-fucking-plicable.
What did you think
you'd accomplish coming here?
I just did.
Well, I hope it was all worth it,
because you're getting buried next to her.
Except you're going in alive.
[TWIG SNAPS]
That's how you fucking save somebody!
I'm sorry.
Here, could you, please?
Huh? Oh.
- Is he dead?
- Shut up.
- Please, please, hurry, hurry, hurry.
- Stop moving.
- I can't see straight. Unh. Look.
- Fuck, I'm covered in lye, asshole.
Give me that.
[GROANS]
Like, run!
[♪♪♪]
[GROWLS]
[KATIE GRUNTS]
KATIE:
Get up!
[BOTH SCREAM]
SUPERVISOR:
What was that?
Probable cause?
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
It's not enough.
[MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN:
All right, guys, let's go!
Here they are.
Right on time.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
[GRUNTING]
[YELLS]
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org